[DOCS] Updates TLS tutorial for use with basic licenses and new cluster formation settings (#358)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/security/securing-communications/tutorial-tls-internode.asciidoc

<1> If the {es} keystore already exists, this command asks whether you want to
overwrite it. You do not need to overwrite it; you can simply add settings to
your existing {es} keystore.
// end::secure-passwords[]

You are prompted to supply the password that you created for the `node-1.p12`
file. We are using this file for both the transport TLS keystore and truststore,
therefore supply the same password for both of these settings.
--

. {ref}/starting-elasticsearch.html[Start {es}].
+
--
For example, if you installed {es} with a `.tar.gz` package, run the following
command from the {es} directory:

["source","sh",subs="attributes,callouts"]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
./bin/elasticsearch
----------------------------------------------------------------------
--

> . Create passwords for the built-in users and . 

Author: Thanks for catching that!

+
--

> NOTE: If you already created these users for other tutorials, you can skip this

Reviewer: This terminology is misleading. These users always exist, the command simply sets their passwords.
```suggestion
NOTE: If you already configured passwords for these users for other tutorials, you can skip this
```

step.

include::{stack-repo-dir}/security/get-started-builtin-users.asciidoc[tag=create-users]

> After you create the `kibana` built-in user,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you setup the password for the `kibana` built-in user,
```
